age
education-num
capital-gain
capital-loss
hours-per-week
workclass_ Federal-gov
workclass_ Local-gov
workclass_ Private
workclass_ Self-emp-inc
workclass_ Self-emp-not-inc
workclass_ State-gov
workclass_ Without-pay
education_level_ 10th
education_level_ 11th
education_level_ 12th
education_level_ 1st-4th
education_level_ 5th-6th
education_level_ 7th-8th
education_level_ 9th
education_level_ Assoc-acdm
education_level_ Assoc-voc
education_level_ Bachelors
education_level_ Doctorate
education_level_ HS-grad
education_level_ Masters
education_level_ Preschool
education_level_ Prof-school
education_level_ Some-college
marital-status_ Divorced
marital-status_ Married-AF-spouse
marital-status_ Married-civ-spouse
marital-status_ Married-spouse-absent
marital-status_ Never-married
marital-status_ Separated
marital-status_ Widowed
occupation_ Adm-clerical
occupation_ Armed-Forces
occupation_ Craft-repair
occupation_ Exec-managerial
occupation_ Farming-fishing
occupation_ Handlers-cleaners
occupation_ Machine-op-inspct
occupation_ Other-service
occupation_ Priv-house-serv
occupation_ Prof-specialty
occupation_ Protective-serv
occupation_ Sales
occupation_ Tech-support
occupation_ Transport-moving
relationship_ Husband
relationship_ Not-in-family
relationship_ Other-relative
relationship_ Own-child
relationship_ Unmarried
relationship_ Wife
race_ Amer-Indian-Eskimo
race_ Asian-Pac-Islander
race_ Black
race_ Other
race_ White
sex_ Female
sex_ Male
native-country_ Cambodia
native-country_ Canada
native-country_ China
native-country_ Columbia
native-country_ Cuba
native-country_ Dominican-Republic
native-country_ Ecuador
native-country_ El-Salvador
native-country_ England
native-country_ France
native-country_ Germany
native-country_ Greece
native-country_ Guatemala
native-country_ Haiti
native-country_ Holand-Netherlands
native-country_ Honduras
native-country_ Hong
native-country_ Hungary
native-country_ India
native-country_ Iran
native-country_ Ireland
native-country_ Italy
native-country_ Jamaica
native-country_ Japan
native-country_ Laos
native-country_ Mexico
native-country_ Nicaragua
native-country_ Outlying-US(Guam-USVI-etc)
native-country_ Peru
native-country_ Philippines
native-country_ Poland
native-country_ Portugal
native-country_ Puerto-Rico
native-country_ Scotland
native-country_ South
native-country_ Taiwan
native-country_ Thailand
native-country_ Trinadad&Tobago
native-country_ United-States
native-country_ Vietnam
native-country_ Yugoslavia